Ingredients:
 - 3 cups all-purpose flour
 - 1 teaspoon salt
 - 1 large egg
 - 1 cup water

For the feeling:
 - 3⁄4 lb ground beef
 - 1⁄2 lb ground pork
 - 2 medium sized onions, finely chopped
 - salt & freshly ground black pepper, to taste
 - salt, to taste, for cooking the pelmeni
 - 1 large egg white, lightly beaten
 - 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut in pieces

Directions

Using a food processor, blend the flour with the salt. With the motor still 
running, add the egg through the feed tube, then pour in the water in a slow, 
steady stream, until the dough forms a ball around the blade.

Transfer the dough to a floured surface and knead until smooth, about 2 
minutes. Cover with a cotton cloth and let stand for 30 minutes.

Combine all the filling ingredients in a large bowl, stirring until they are 
thoroughly mixed.

Divide the dough in half and shape into two balls. Keep one covered with the 
cloth while working with the other.

On the floured surface with a floured rolling pin, roll out the dough to a 
very thin sheet, about 1/16th inch thick, making sure it doesn’t tear. With 
a round cookie cutter, cut out circles about 2 inches in diameter. Gather 
the scraps together into a ball and set aside, covered.

In a small saucepan, bring 2 cups of salted water to a boil over high heat.
Set a bowl of the beaten egg white near you.

Place a scant teaspoon of the filling toward the bottom of one circle. Fold 
the empty half of the dough over the filling to form a semi-circle. Brush 
the edges with the egg white and press the edges firmly together with the 
tines of a fork to seal.

Boil the one dumpling for 10 minutes to taste the filling for seasoning.
Fill and shape the remaining rounds, arranging the dumplings as they are 
made on a lightly floured baking sheet, about 1 inch apart.

The pelmeni are usually frozen at this point. Cover the baking sheet with 
aluminum foil or plastic wrap and place in the freezer until they are 
completely frozen. When frozen, transfer the pelmeni to a plastic bag.

To cook the pelmeni, bring 6 quarts of salted water to a boil in a large 
pot. Drop in half the pelmeni and cook, stirring occasionally with a wooden 
spoon to prevent sticking, until they rise to the surface and are cooked 
through, about 8 minutes. With a slotted spoon, carefully remove the pelmeni 
to a colander and drain well. Transfer to a deep serving bowl and toss with 
the butter.

Cook the remaining pelmeni the same way.